Update sample and explain about TLS best practices (#15321)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/async/handling-reentrancy-in-async-apps.md

4. In the list of project types, choose **WPF Application**.

> 5. Name the project `WebsiteDownloadWPF`, choose a .NET Framework version of `4.6+` and then the **OK** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Name the project `WebsiteDownloadWPF`, choose .NET Framework version 4.6 or higher, and then the click the **OK** button.
```

     A simple window that contains a text box and a button appears in the **Design** view of MainWindow.xaml.

> 8. In **Solution Explorer**, right-click on **References** and select **Add Reference...**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In **Solution Explorer**, right-click on **References** and select **Add Reference**.
```
